What is the difference between Primitive and Non primitive Data Types?

Primitive:
        Primitive Data types are the one which
         are by default supported by java, or we can say pre-defined in java.
         example,int,float,boolean,double,short,byte.


Non-Primitive:
        Non-primitive data types are the one which are a bit customed in nature where developers have
        the liberty to define the nature of the data type.
        example, Arrays,Strings,Class etc.

Note:
    There are some debates over calling String as a Non-primitive datatype but String is bit inclined towards
    the non-primitive data type.


What is token in java?
    Tokens in java are basically some reserved expressions or words or symbols
    which have predefined meaning in java and we cannot override this meaning.

   Those token are categorised in 4 types,

   Keywords:
            abstruct assert boolean break byte case catch char class const continue default do double else
            enum exports extends final finally float for goto if implements imports instanceof int interface long
            module native new open opens package private protected provides public requires return short static
            strictfp super swtitch synchronized this throw throws to transient transitive try uses
            void volatile while with.


   Identifiers:
           any name that you declared in your program
           cannot:starts with number,contains space,have +,-,&

   Constants:
           final Variables


   Special Symbols:
           [] { } ( ) , * ; =


   Operators:
            arithmatic,logical,comparison,bitwise etc.



  What is system?
                The System class contains several useful class fields and methods. It cannot be instantiated.
                Among the facilities provided by the System class are standard input,
                standard output, and error output streams;
  What is out?
               The "standard" output stream. This stream is already open and ready to accept output data.


  What is interface?
                Interface basically sort of a declaration which will tell you
                what kind of classes present under the interface.

                Interface is a generic blue print of specific class implementation.